Q1. Enumerating objects: 5, done.
Counting objects: 100% (5/5), done.
Delta compression using up to 12 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.
Writing objects: 100% (4/4), 456 bytes | 456.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 4 (delta 1), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused 0
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (1/1), completed with 1 local object.
To https://github.com/Jzazz/assignment2.git
   52c810d..45530f7  master -> master

Q2. 9 total commits and command to check that is : git rev-list --count HEAD

Q3. Command to check when was the README.md file modified is: git log -1 README.md

Q4. Uses of branches:
a. Branches are used to test new features without effecting the main codebase
b. Branches can also be used to collaborate with other developers and work remotely together.

Q5. Git log shows the history of commits made to a repository while git status shows the current state of the working directory and the staging area.

Q6. git log --grep "Vehicle.h"

Q7. git log --grep "file"

Q8.
a. Inheritance: Inheritance means inheriting the properties of your parent. In context of OOP it means to inherit the properties and behaviors of a parent class.


b. Polymorphism: Polymorphism means many shapes. It allows us to write code that can work with different types of objects without having to know the specific type of object at compile time

c. Encapsulation: It describes the idea of restricting access to methods and attributes in a class. This will hide the complex details from the users, and prevent data being modified by accident

Q9: In the "Dictator and Lieutenants" workflow, there is a single person "the dictator" who is responsible for merging all changes into the main codebase. In the "Integration manager" workflow, there is a team of integration managers who are responsible for merging changes into the main codebase.

Q10: As in the "Dictator and Lieutenants" workflow, there is a single person "the dictator" who is responsible for merging all changes into the main codebase so there will be much less merge conflicts.